1. Imports:

import os: Provides functions for interacting with the operating system, like creating directories and files.
from pathlib import Path: Allows working with file paths in a more object-oriented way.
import logging: Enables logging messages for debugging and tracking.
2. Setup:

logging.basicConfig(...): Configures the logging system to display messages with timestamps and INFO level or higher.
project_name = "TextSummrizer": Sets the name of the project, used in file paths.
list_of_files = [...]: Defines a list of all the files and folders to be created. It uses f-strings to dynamically create paths within the src directory based on the project_name.
3. File and Directory Creation Loop:

for filepath in list_of_files:: Iterates through each file path in the list_of_files.
filepath = Path(filepath): Converts the string filepath into a Path object for easier manipulation.
filedir, filename = os.path.split(filepath): Splits the filepath into its directory (filedir) and filename (filename) components.
if filedir:: Checks if filedir is not empty (meaning there's a directory component in the path).
os.makedirs(filedir, exist_ok=True): Creates the necessary directories if they don't exist. exist_ok=True prevents errors if the directory already exists.
logging.info(...): Logs a message indicating the directory creation.
if not os.path.exists(filepath) or os.path.getsize(filepath) == 0:: Checks if the file doesn't exist or is empty.
with open(filepath, 'w') as f:: Opens the file in write mode ('w') to create it. with open(...) ensures the file is properly closed even if errors occur.
pass: Does nothing inside the with block, effectively creating an empty file.
logging.info(...): Logs a message indicating file creation.
else:: If the file already exists and is not empty.
logging.info(...): Logs a message that the file already exists.
In essence, the code:

Defines a list of files and folders for a project.
Iterates through this list.
Creates any necessary directories.
Creates empty files if they don't exist or are empty.
Logs information about the process.
I hope this explanation makes the code clearer! Let me know if you have any other questions.